# Data from https://capitalizemytitle.com/random-topic-generator/ , 328 unique topics
A portal to another world opens in front of you. You don't know how long it will stay open or if you'll be able to get back after you go through. What do you do?
An app mysteriously appears on your phone that does something amazing. What does it do?
Are bigger or smaller schools better?
Are there any songs that always bring a tear to your eye?
Are you a saver or a spender?
Are you a very organized person?
Are you very active, or do you prefer to just relax in your free time?
Can you think of any technology that has only made the world worse? How about a piece of technology that has only made the world better?
Did your family take seasonal vacations?
Do athletes deserve the high salaries they receive? Why or why not?
Do movies have the same power as books to change the world?
Do you always have to have the latest phone?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you believe in soul mates?
Do you care about fashion? What style of clothes do you usually wear?
Do you experience phantom vibration? (Feeling your phone vibrate even though it didn't.)
Do you have any pets?
Do you have any pets? What are their names?
Do you have any siblings?
Do you know what your your name means?
Do you like classical music?
Do you like documentaries? Why / why not?
Do you like going to concerts? Why or why not? What was the last concert you went to?
Do you like horror movies? Why or why not?
Do you like reality TV shows? Why or why not? If so, which ones?
Do you like spicy food? Why or why not? What is the spiciest thing you have ever eaten?
Do you play any instruments?
Do you play any sports?
Do you play in any fantasy sports leagues? If so, how into fantasy sports are you?
Do you play sports video games? Which ones? Is playing the video game or playing the sport more fun? Why?
Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?
Do you prefer physical books or ebooks?
Do you prefer short hair or long hair on a guy/girl?
Do you prefer summer or winter activities?
Do you prefer to go off the beaten path when you travel?
Do you prefer to watch movies in the theater or in the comfort of your own home?
Do you prefer traveling alone or with a group?
Do you text more or call more? Why?
Do you think people read more or fewer books now than 50 years ago?
Do you usually achieve the goals you set? Why or why not?
Do you wish there were more or fewer holidays? Why?
Does fashion help society in any way?
Does having a day off for a holiday increase or decrease productivity at work?
Does technology simplify life or make it more complicated?
Does the government have a place in regulating food? To what extent should government regulate food?
Has anyone ever saved your life?
Have you ever been in love?
Have you ever given a presentation in front of a large group of people? How did it go?
Have you ever saved an animal's life? How about a person's life?
Have you traveled to any different countries? Which ones?
Have your parents influenced what goals you have?
How can governments make education more efficient?
How can technology improve education? Can it hurt education?
How do clothes change how the opposite sex views a person?
How do you feel if you accidentally leave your phone at home?
How do you plan to make the world a better place?
How do you think traveling to a lot of different countries changes a person?
How fast do you read?
How has technology changed the music industry?
How has the education you received changed your life?
How have TV shows changed over the years?
How have your goals changed over your life?
How many apps do you have on your phone?
How much do you plan for the future?
How much time do you spend on the internet? What do you usually do?
How much time do you spend watching sports in a week?
How often do you binge watch shows?
How often do you check your phone?
How often do you curse? And what's your go-to string of curse words?
How often do you exercise?
How often do you go to the library?
How often do you help others? Who do you help? How do you help?
How often do you stay up past 3 a.m.?
How should success be measured? And by that measurement, who is the most successful person you know?
If some of the lesser-known holidays were commercialized, what would the commercialization look like?
If you could bring back one TV show that was canceled, which one would you bring back?
If you could call up anyone in the world and have a one-hour conversation, who would you call?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?
If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
If you could make a holiday, what would it be like? What traditions would it have? What would people eat on your holiday?
If you could meet anyone in history, who would it be?
If you didn't care at all what people thought of you, what clothes would you wear?
If you had $10 million, would you still be working/going to school?
If you had a personal mascot, what would your mascot be?
If you had intro music, what song would it be? Why?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be?
If you had to get rid of a holiday, which would you get rid of? Why?
If you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?
If you opened a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve?
If you were a king/queen, what would your throne look like?
If your life was a meal, what would kind of meal would it be?
If your mind were an island, what would it look like?
Is it better to live where there are four seasons or where one season takes up most of the year?
Is teaching a skill that can be taught?
Now that indie publishing has become easier, have books gotten better or worse?
Records, tapes, CDs, MP3s, streaming. Which did you grow up with? What is good and bad about each?
The world has become infested with rabid dogs with the intelligence of a 5-year-old, where do you hole up to survive the “a-pup-calypse”?
Time freezes for everyone but you for one day. What do you do?
Was there ever an event in your life that defied explanation?
Were you the class clown or teacher's pet?
What animal or insect do you wish humans could eradicate?
What are some goals you have already achieved?
What are some goals you have failed to accomplish?
What are some good and bad things about the education system in your country?
What are some strange beliefs that some people have?
What are some things that you should not say during a job interview?
What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?
What are the three best apps on your phone?
What are you best at?
What are you going to do this weekend?
What are your goals for the next two years?
What are your plans for this weekend?
What are your turn offs?
What bands or types of music do you listen to when you exercise?
What benefit do you bring to the group when you hang out with friends?
What book genres do you like to read?
What book has changed one of your long-held opinions?
What book has had the biggest effect on the modern world?
What book has influenced you the most?
What cartoons did you watch as a child?
What countries have you traveled to?
What defines a sport? Is fishing a sport? How about video game tournaments?
What did you do on your last vacation?
What did you do on your most recent birthday?
What did you do this past weekend?
What did you want to grow up to be when you were younger?
What do app makers do that really annoys you?
What do you bring with you everywhere you go?
What do you do for a living?
What do you do to get rid of stress?
What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?
What do you do when you hang out with your friends?
What do you do when you're bored?
What do you fear is hiding in the dark?
What do you get every time you go grocery shopping?
What do you hope to achieve in your professional life?
What do you know about the history of some holidays?
What do you like to do in the spring?
What do you like to do in your spare time?
What do you like to do to relax?
What do you look for in a guy/girl?
What do you think about game shows? Do you have a favorite one?
What do you think about reality TV? Why do you think it's so popular?
What do you think of buffets?
What do you think of homeschooling?
What do you think of online education?
What do you think of standardized tests?
What do you think of staycations? (Vacationing and seeing tourist attractions where you live.)
What do you think of tattoos? Do you have any?
What do you think of tour group packages?
What do you think the next big technological advance will be?
What do you wish your phone could do?
What does your own personal hell look like? How about your own personal heaven?
What flavor of ice cream do you wish existed?
What food do you know you shouldn't eat but can't stop yourself?
What food looks disgusting but tastes delicious?
What foods do you absolutely hate?
What holidays have been over-commercialized?
What is a controversial opinion you have?
What is a fashion trend you are really glad went away?
What is one thing you miss about being a kid?
What is something popular now that annoys you?
What is something that really annoys you but doesn't bother most people?
What is something that you have gotten in trouble for at school/work?
What is something you are obsessed with?
What is the best pair of shoes you have ever owned? Why were they so good?
What is the best restaurant in your area?
What is the best room in your house? Why?
What is the best way to stay motivated and complete goals?
What is the biggest holiday for your family?
What is the craziest, most outrageous thing you want to achieve?
What is the fanciest restaurant you have eaten at?
What is the first thing you do when you wake up?
What is the first think you notice about a guy or girl?
What is the hardest sport to excel at?
What is the last thing you do before you go to sleep?
What is the longest book you've read?
What is the longest plane trip you have taken?
What is the most annoying habit someone can have?
What is the most annoying thing about your phone?
What is the most comfortable piece of clothing you own?
What is the most disgusting habit some people have?
What is the most embarrassing piece of clothing you own?
What is the most overrated movie?
What is the most useful app on your phone?
What is the silliest fear you have?
What is the strangest app you have heard of or tried?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
What is the strangest themed restaurant you have heard of?
What is the worst hotel you have stayed at? How about the best hotel?
What is the worst restaurant you have ever eaten at?
What is your dream job?
What is your favorite cuisine or type of food?
What is your favorite day of the week?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
What is your favorite piece of technology that you own?
What is your favorite shirt?
What is your favorite song of all time?
What is your favorite sports team?
What is your favorite thing to eat or drink in winter?
What is your first childhood memory?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your middle name?
What kind of case do you have for your phone? Why did you choose it?
What kind of interior do you like a restaurant to have?
What kinds of food do you usually eat on your favorite holiday?
What makes you nervous?
What movie scene choked you up the most?
What old trend is coming back these days?
What or who has taught you most of the information you use regularly?
What personal goals do you have?
What piece of technology is really frustrating to use?
What piece of technology would look like magic or a miracle to people in medieval Europe?
What problems will technology solve in the next 5 years? What problems will it create?
What restaurant do you eat at most?
What sci-fi movie or book would you like the future to be like?
What smell brings back great memories?
What song always puts you in a good mood?
What sports do you like to watch?
What technology from a science fiction movie would you most like to have?
What three words best describe you?
What trends did you follow when you were younger?
What type of kid were you (e.g. spoiled, rebellious, well-behaved, quiet, obnoxious...)?
What type of phone do you have?
What was (is) your favorite subject?
What was (is) your least favorite subject?
What was the best birthday wish or gift you've ever received?
What was the best invention of the last 50 years?
What was the best period of your life so far? What do you think will be the best period of your entire life?
What was the biggest thing you have ever won?
What was the last book you read?
What was the last funny video you saw?
What was the last movie you watched? How was it?
What was the last song you listened to?
What was the last thing you purchased?
What was the most overhyped place you've traveled to?
What was the worst book you had to read for school? How about the best book you had to read for school?
What was your favorite book as a child?
What was your favorite children's book?
What was your favorite restaurant when you were a child?
What was your first smartphone? How did you feel when you got it?
What was your least favorite job that you've ever had?
What was your worst vacation experience?
What weird or useless talent do you have?
What were you really into when you were a kid?
What will be the future of TV shows?
What will phones be like in 10 years?
What will the future of education be?
What word or saying from the past do you think should come back?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What would you want your last meal to be if you were on death row?
What are the best and worst things about the marketplace where you get your apps?
What's the best / worst thing about your work/school?
What's the best pet name you can come up with for a specific type of pet? (Like these orange cat names.)
What's the best show currently on TV?
What's the best sitcom past or present?
What's the best thing about traveling? How about the worst thing?
What's the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
What's the best way to discover new music?
What's the best way to travel? (Plane, car, train, etc.)
What's the first thing you do after school/work?
What's the funniest TV series you have seen?
What's the most addictive mobile game you have played?
What's the most frustrating app you have tried?
What's the most refreshing thing on a hot summer day?
What's the most underrated or overrated TV show?
What's the most useful thing you own?
What's the strangest movie you have ever seen?
What's the worst fast food restaurant?
What's the worst movie you have seen recently?
What's your favorite genre of movie?
What's your favorite number? Why?
What's your favorite season? Why?
What's your favorite way to waste time?
When do you want to retire? What do you want to do when you retire?
When people make mistakes about food (especially foreign food), do you feel the need to correct them? (i.e. sushi / sashimi or stromboli / calzone)
When was the last time you had a food fight?
When was the last time you went to a movie theater?
When was the last time you worked incredibly hard?
Where and when was the most amazing sunset you have ever seen?
Where did (do) you go to school?
Where did you go last weekend? / What did you do last weekend?
Where did you grow up?
Where do you get your recommendations for what to do and where to stay when you travel?
Where do you plan on going for your next vacation?
Where do you spend most of your free time/day?
Where is the best place to take a date?
Where is the most awe-inspiring place you have been?
Where is the most beautiful place near where you live?
Where is the most beautiful place you have been?
Where is the most relaxing place you have been?
Where is the nicest place you have been to in fall?
Where is the worst place you have been stuck for a long time?
Where was the last place you went on vacation?
Where would you like to travel next?
Which TV show do you want your life to be like?
Which app has helped society the most? Which one has hurt society the most?
Which app seemed like magic the first time you used it?
Which do you prefer, fall or spring?
Which do you prefer, popular music or relatively unknown music?
Which do you prefer? Books or movies?
Which emerging technology are you most excited about?
Which is more important, having a great car or a great house? Why?
Which recent news story is the most interesting?
Which season are you most active in?
Which sport is the most exciting to watch? Which is the most boring to watch?
Who are some of your favorite athletes?
Who are the 3 greatest athletes of all time?
Who do you think has the biggest impact on fashion trends: actors and actresses, musicians, fashion designers, or consumers?
Who had the biggest impact on the person you have become?
Who in your life brings you the most joy?
Who is someone popular now that you really like? Why do you like them so much?
Who is the funniest person you've met?
Who is your favorite athlete?
Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?
Who is your oldest friend? Where did you meet them?
Who was the first band or musician you were really into? Do you still like them?
Who was the last person you called?
Who was your best friend in elementary school?
Who would be the worst person to be stuck in an elevator with? How about the best person to be stuck in an elevator with?
Why do you think sports are common across almost all cultures present and past?
Will technology save the human race or destroy it?
Would you eat at a restaurant that was really dirty if the food was amazing?
Would you rather be rich and never find true love or be poor and find true love?
You find a remote that can rewind, fast forward, stop, and start time. What do you do with it?
You have to relive one day of your life forever. Which day do you choose?